Revamping contract basics docs by splitting contracts and enhancing readability (#1104)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/zoe/contract-basics.md

# Smart Contract Basics

> This guide is designed to help developers understand how to write smart contracts efficiently and securely. Here, you will find detailed examples that demonstrate different functionalities and use-cases within the context of smart contracts starting from the very basics.

Reviewer: Currently, the reader is introduced to a fully functional dapp with numerous topics presented simultaneously, which can be overwhelming. My preference is to take a gradual approach, explaining each aspect of our contract needs and the available APIs before showcasing the fully working dapp. For those who prefer to dive directly into a complete example, we can add a page labeled "Fully Working Example" later in this dropdown of "Smart Contract Basics" on the left for easy access.

> This guide is designed to help developers understand how to write smart contracts efficiently and securely. Here, you will find detailed examples that demonstrate different functionalities and use-cases within the context of smart contracts starting from the very basics.

Reviewer 2: I wonder about a mix of approaches, following something similar to the layered UI tutorial #1072

I sketched a few steps:

1. https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-01-hello
2. https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-02-state
3. https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-03-access

There's a question of how to integrate the code as snippets. I wonder about using git submodules.

cc @Jovonni @samsiegart @kbennett2000

> This guide is designed to help developers understand how to write smart contracts efficiently and securely. Here, you will find detailed examples that demonstrate different functionalities and use-cases within the context of smart contracts starting from the very basics.

Author: @dckc I have updated this PR and added references to the branches you created in layered UI tutorial style. Please suggest any further changes.

## Examples

We provide three core examples to illustrate how to implement various smart contract functionalities:

### 1. Greetings Contract
The **Greetings Contract** demonstrates how to create a simple contract that greets the caller. This example is perfect for understanding the basic structure and syntax of smart contracts.

### 2. State Contract
The **State Contract** shows how to maintain a state or a variable within a smart contract. This is useful for contracts that need to store data or state across transactions.

### 3. Access-Control Contract

> The **Access-Control Contract** provides an example of how to implement access control, ensuring that only authorized users can call certain functions within the smart contract.

Reviewer 3: maybe over time we add a 4th example for a basic contract that writes to vstorage to show the difference between storing state like in ```02-state.js```, vs storing in vstorage. Would be a good lesson i think

Author: Absolutely - would love to do that.

> ### 1. Greetings Contract
> The **Greetings Contract** demonstrates how to create a simple contract that greets the caller. This example is perfect for understanding the basic structure and syntax of smart contracts. The relevant code is available in [`tut-01-hello` branch](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-01-hello).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 1. Hello World Contract
The **Hello World Contract** demonstrates how to create a simple contract that greets the caller. This example is perfect for understanding the basic structure and syntax of smart contracts. The relevant code is available in [`tut-01-hello` branch](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-01-hello).
```

> The **State Contract** shows how to maintain a state or a variable within a smart contract. This is useful for contracts that need to store data or state across transactions. The relevant code is available in `tut-01-hello` branch available [here](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-02-state).

Reviewer 2: > The content inside a link should indicate where the link goes
-- [Accessibility concerns](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#accessibility_concerns)

```suggestion
The **State Contract** shows how to maintain a state or a variable within a smart contract. This is useful for contracts that need to store data or state across transactions. See the [`tut-01-hello` branch](https://github.com/Agoric/dapp-offer-up/tree/tut-02-state) for the relevant code.
```

Likewise for all other _here_ links.

Author: Thanks for pointing out. Fixed.
